Front page - Albin
Lukas wants a powerful search system to find affordable restaurant options.
Alexandra wants to see a diverse range of restaurant options to find new things to try.
Ska inkludera en login-funktion och vara attraktiv för nya användare

Restuarant owner dashboard - Terra
Eva wants to quickly contact support to resolve issues with delivery efficiently.
Eva wants seamless syncing between the point of sale and the delivery system to easily update menus and promotions.
Eva wants to easily see customer complaints regarding delivery to gain more control in resolving conflicts and issues.

Tracking for restuarants - Terra
Eva wants to easily see customer complaints regarding delivery to gain more control in resolving conflicts and issues.
Eva wants easy communication with couriers to streamline the delivery process and resolve issues.

Personalised frontpage/Restuarant list - Ciaran
Lukas wants a powerful search system to find affordable restaurant options.
Lukas wants transparently displayed delivery fees to avoid unforeseen expenses.
Lukas wants unobtrusive but detailed user reviews to help him gauge the quality of available restaurants.
Alexandra wants to see a diverse range of restaurant options to find new things to try.
Liten attractor för promotions (nåt i stil med “You can save X kronor on Y, click here to see all available promotions)
Lukas wants easy access to available promotions to save money.
Alexandra wants appealing displays for promotions and loyalty programs to see how much money she’s saving and to encourage her to try new things.

Promotions - Artemis
Lukas wants easy access to available promotions to save money.
Alexandra wants appealing displays for promotions and loyalty programs to see how much money she’s saving and to encourage her to try new things.
Suggestion: Display a big number at the top of the page, maybe “You have saved X kronor this month” or “You have X whatever points to spend”

New restuarant form - Artemis
Alexandra wants a feature that allows users to recommend restaurants to be added to the service, which would increase the diversity of available options.

Ordering page - Ciaran
Lukas wants a streamlined ordering process to minimize the time spent.
Lukas wants transparently displayed delivery fees to avoid unforeseen expenses.
Lukas wants an option to order pickup to save on delivery fees.
Alexandra wants a detailed but user-friendly ordering process that allows her to customize her orders easily.

Payment - Atilla
Lukas wants transparently displayed delivery fees to avoid unforeseen expenses.
(Kanske) Lukas wants easy access to available promotions to save money.
Eva wants multiple payment options to be available to provide more flexibility for customers.

Tracking for customers - Atilla
Alexandra wants detailed delivery tracking to estimate arrival times and for peace of mind.
(Kanske) Eva wants to easily see customer complaints regarding delivery to gain more control in resolving conflicts and issues.




“Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal; bad poets deface what they take, and good poets make it into something better, or at least something different. The good poet welds his theft into a whole of feeling which is unique, utterly different from that from which it was torn.”
T. S. Eliot
